About Revolut
People deserve more from their money. More visibility, more control, more freedom. And since 2015, Revolut has been on a mission to deliver just that. With an arsenal of awesome products that span spending, saving, travel, transfers, investing, exchanging and more, we've helped 45+ million customers get more from their money. And we're not done yet.

As we continue our lightning-fast growth,‌ two things are essential to continuing our success: our people and our culture. We've been officially certified as a Great Place to Work™ in recognition of our outstanding employee experience! So far, we have 10,000+ people working around the world, from our great offices or remotely, on our mission. And we're looking for more. We want brilliant people that love building great products, love redefining success, and love turning the complexity of a chaotic world into the simplicity of a beautiful solution.

About the role
As we continue to rapidly expand our customer base across the world, our team’s commercial impact also grows. Every step the team automates is one less step that needs to be handled manually, enabling Revolut to scale globally.

We’re looking for Deep Learning Engineers in different departments, from Computer Vision and NLP to Quant, to help us better automate compliance-related processes by developing and producing both online and offline algorithms. Motivated individuals skilled in software engineering, machine learning, neural networks, and applied mathematics, who possess a passion for building solutions, and have a high aptitude for data technologies and advanced models.

This role offers the opportunity to relocate to Poland, Portugal, or Spain, where you’ll receive support from Revolut throughout the entire process. Once you move, you’ll have the flexibility to work remotely or in a hybrid model in our offices in Barcelona, Madrid, Porto, or Kraków.

Up for the challenge? Let’s get in touch 🚀

What you’ll be doing
Working on customer-focused features
Delivering real impact to features through rigorous data-driven solutions
Improving existing algorithms and building new Proofs of Concept
Researching and delivering PoCs into data products
Collaborating with Product Owners, Engineers, and Data Scientists to continually solve complex data problems
What you'll need
5+ years of production experience
A bachelor’s degree in a STEM subject (mathematics, computer science, engineering)
Knowledge of Python with experience in computational libraries, OOP, TDD, and multi-processing
Knowledge of SQL (joins, CTEs, functions, etc.)
Hands-on experience with DL libs (PyTorch/TensorFlow/Keras, ONNX/OpenVino)
A solid understanding of probability and statistics fundamentals
To have a big picture approach to correctly diagnose problems and productionise research
Excellent communication and collaboration skills to partner with Product Owners and department heads
Nice to have
A master’s degree or PhD in a quantitative discipline
Experience with additional programming languages, such as Java, Scala, or C++
Experience in anti-fraud departments
Experience at a large tech company
School/university Olympic medal competitions in physics, maths, economics, or programming