Sky Engine, a new Artificial Intelligence company founded in UK with international presence, helps enterprises transform into greater AI companies. Sky Engine will empower companies across multiple industries, focusing initially on healthcare, sports, manufacturing and agriculture. This is a chance for you to get in on the ground floor of an exciting AI venture.

We are exploring many new challenges from multiple verticals every day. In this role, you will drive the development of our new AI solutions and help develop machine learning products. You will also work closely with our business, product and engineering teams to deploy solutions to enterprise customers and see firsthand how a top-notch AI startup is built.

Here's what you will do:

Write effective, scalable code
Participate in design, planning and architecture discussions of the company’s products
Integrate with other system components
Refactor code, add sugar and new functionality
Build, maintain, and improve tooling and scripts that support engineering teams
Here’s the background we’d like you to have:

2+ years of Python experience
Knowledge of software design principles and patterns
A passion for delivering highly maintainable and scalable code
Code testing skills
A strong sense of ownership and the ability to work in teams
Excellent problem solving and debugging skills
Here are the extra skills that would be a plus:

Enjoy building tools and frameworks for other engineers
Passionate in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence
Experience with Computer Vision, Computer Graphics and Blender
Demonstrable experience with libraries for scientific calculations like sci-py, numpy, etc.
Good technical writing skills
Work methodology:

Code reviews, SCRUM
Continuous integration – GitLab
Conda, Docker
Git / Bitbucket / Jira / Confluence
AWS, Azure
Operating system – Linux
We hope you will fit well with our team’s culture:

Strong work ethic. All of us believe in our work’s ability to change human lives, and consequently work not just smart, but also hard.
Growth mindset: We are eager to teach you new skills and invest in your continual development. But learning is hard work, so this is something we hope you’ll want to do.
Good team member: We care and watch out for each other. We’re humble individually, and go after big goals together.
Flexibility: Since we’re an early stage company, you should be flexible in your tasks and do whatever is needed.