JOB DESCRIPTION
Online interview
SKY ENGINE AI is an Artificial Intelligence company headquartered in London, UK serving blue chip Fortune 100 companies. We help the Enterprises solve their data and machine learning vision AI tasks in the era of AI-driven business transformation. SKY ENGINE AI is empowering companies across multiple industries providing a Synthetic Data Cloud platform for deep learning in Vision AI. This is a chance for you to get in on the ground floor of an exciting AI company shifting the paradigm in artificial intelligence and computer vision.



As a Full Stack Developer (with focus primarily on front-end), you will play a key role in designing, developing, and maintaining cutting-edge web applications. You will translate user needs and business requirements into intuitive, responsive, and visually stunning interfaces. This is an excellent opportunity to showcase your front-end expertise while also contributing to the full software development lifecycle.



Here's what you can expect:

A key role in a growing startup combining Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning with photorealistic 3D Computer Graphics
No old, legacy code to maintain: frontend (React.js) backend (Django)
A voice in the decisions about the system
Architecture, design and development of a complex, modern, highly-interactive, websocket-heavy, real-time web application
Working closely with experts in the fields of CGI, Data Science, AI, Computer Vision


Here’s the background we’d like you to have:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field (or equivalent work experience)
Proven experience as a Full Stack Developer with a strong emphasis on front-end development (React), and familiarity with back-end development concepts and technologies (Django)
Technologies and frameworks (commercial experience preferred):
React, JavaScript, TypeScript
Django, Python
Websockets (e.g. Django channels, React websockets)
REST API
Modern CSS
Unit testing (both for frontend and backend)
Good understanding of web applications security
English B2+ level
Strong communication and interpersonal skills


Here are the extra skills that would be a plus:

Docker
Cloud technologies (Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure)
Any familiarity with 3D Computer Graphics principles, WebGL


We hope you will fit well with our team’s culture:

Strong work ethic. All of us believe in our work’s ability to change human lives.
Growth mindset: We are eager to invest in your continual development.
Good team member: We care and watch out for each other. We’re humble individually, and go after big goals together.