JOB DESCRIPTION
Online interview
Friendly offer
Job Description


We are looking for a Python developer to join our Computer Vision team at Tesco. We are looking for someone to help build applications, working alongside our Computer Vision experts. The applications will deploy as live and batch services and integrate our Computer Vision capabilities into Tesco’s systems. You will be part of the wider software team that is part of the data science group at Tesco. We are looking for someone with experience deploying live systems in a complex environment.



The Data Science Team focuses on modelling complex business problems and deploying data products at scale. Our work spans multiple areas including physical stores, online, supply chain, marketing, and Clubcard. We work on several domains and problem types: online, pricing, security, fulfilment, distribution, property, IoT, and computer vision are just some.



About the Team



The Computer Vision Team is at a relatively early stage, but the wider data science group is well established and widely successful at Tesco. This gives us the support of a well-established group as we look to scale out computer vision. You will be part of this group and will have opportunities to explore other people and projects in data science through data science-wide retros, conferences, and social events.

You will be part of a technical team that consists of both data scientists and software engineers.

Moreover, our team members spend 10% of their week on learning and personal development. Multiple academic collaborations enrich the team's expertise; knowledge-sharing events are regular. Furthermore, we have a great work-life balance, team days, and a relaxed but engaging culture.



You will be responsible for:

Developing applications using our computer vision capabilities (e.g. image and video data analysis)
Working on scaling and increasing the maturity of our computer vision capabilities, software systems, and development processes while exploring the value of our use cases.
Developing system architectures to enable the deployment and scaling of the applications with edge and cloud components which take strategic approaches to balancing the costs of compute, bandwidth, and development effort.


Qualifications


You will need – Key Requirements:

Strong Python Experience
Good communication skills
Have good coding practices and software design approaches
Familiar with microservice and backend system design
Familiar with networking concepts such as routing and firewalls
Have an understanding of repo management, code release, testing and DevOps processes
Get involved in improving deployment, monitoring, and security processes
Integrate solutions into other Tesco systems
Be able to use Docker and Azure
Experience working with computationally intensive systems


Nice to have:

Some experience working on Computer Vision
Understand the challenges in taking capabilities from the experimental codebase to production
Understand on how our core Computer Vision capabilities can be built into solutions and solve business use cases
Have an understanding of video streaming or Computer Vision system design (cloud deployment and/or edge deployment)
Familiar of some CV and ML packages such, OpenCV, Tensorflow, Pytorch, Skimage, SciPy and SK-Learn
